Life is good
Excellent performance by the player
Weather looks amazing
The sky is beautiful
Great work done by the artist
I will be sleeping at the afternoon.
My sister had a headache this morning, I hope she will get better soon.
It was raining while I was watching TV.
Roy would like to go to the store earlier before it starts to rain.
He is trying to do his homework.
If we had some oranges,I could make you some fresh juice.
I was eating lunch when you arrived.
I am a junior highschool student.
Children are playing in the park.
Lissa has cooked some cookies.
I was eating lunch when you arrived.
They have planted the water already.
My mother was reading the book silently.
Brian is an engineer.
I will be watering the plants tomorrow morning.
The athletes are practicing so hard.
The elephant and mouse were good friends.
My mother is baking a chocolate cake.
The sun shines brightly in the morning.
Timothy will be staying at home.
The officer arrested the culprits.
Amber misses her mom.
She has written more than 225 books.
She loves to write short stories in the local coffee shop.
My bestfriend is an architect, he designed my house.
Nora Roberts is the most prolific romance writer the world has ever known.
I want to do something.
Tom repaired Timmy’s motorcycle yesterday.
We were supposed to meet her at 2 o’clock.
We are going to the cinema.
This gift was especially for you, dear president.
Eifel tower was built on 28 January 1887.
Today, it is filled with ghosts.
A tsunami is huge waves caused by a sudden movement of the ocean surface due to earthquakes and other else.
No one will come after me.
Earth is the third planet from the sun.
Yesterday, he traded in his Android for an iPhone.
The lions live in the savanna.
Marie is a published author.
The brown box was created by Ralph H.Baer in 1967
In three years, everyone will be happy.
We can find strawberry milk in the dairy section at the store.
I lost my watch yesterday.
Sam rides a bicycle to go to school.
You should treat her with more respect.
News on the earnings front remains positive.
Tyler likes to play football.
We go to the gym club together.
Mary and Alex invited them to the party.
I bought a new house.
Everything is ready for the birthday party.
I will take it from you.
But this position ignores the potential for any positive gains.
He studies every night.
They will come after you.
The studies suggested a positive effect when one probably did not exist.
No one believes them.
They killed him.
Everything was ready for the party.
I want to be a computer engineer too.
They sleep in the afternoon.
I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light.
You should definitely clean this room yourself.
Everybody loves Mary.
The parting from his sister had a positive effect on John.
You are lazy students.
There are positive changes that should be implemented in the rearing of animals.
Today they will come.
She is my best friend.
Someone knows where he is.
She learned to read by herself.
Work on the positive, creating beautiful, loving and fulfilling relationships.
We will go to the party.
We went fishing after school.
This is mine.
Everything was ready for the party.
They speak English in USA.
They are the smartest kids here.
Today we will come.
He loves to play basketball.
You know I love you so much.
You should take care of yourself.
I learnt English by myself.
You can buy everything.
There were 3 apples on the table.
You are very kind.
I play volleyball.
This was a threat to us.
She is the best football player in the team.
I have got a sister.
My father will come with us today.
He likes to paint by himself.
I take the trash out.
I love you.
I bought a new computer.
